docs: mcp tools troubleshooting (#9866)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Support/troubleshooting.mdx

    rm -rf .langflow
    ```

## Langflow MCP issues {#mcp}

The following issues can occur when using Langflow as an MCP server or client.

### Claude for Desktop not using MCP server tools correctly

If Claude for Desktop isn't using your server's tools correctly, you may need to explicitly define the path to your local `uvx` or `npx` executable file in the `claude_desktop_config.json` configuration file.

1. To find your UVX path, run `which uvx`.

    To find your NPX path, run `which npx`.

> 2. Copy the path, and then replace `PATH_TO_UVX` or `PATH_TO_NPX` in your `claude_desktop_config.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your `claude_desktop_config.json` file, add the path to your Langflow MCP server configuration, as shown in the following examples.
```

The original wording implies they would find that placeholder already in the config file, but I don't think that's the case?

    <Tabs>
    <TabItem value="uvx" label="uvx" default>

    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "PATH_TO_UVX",
          "args": [
            "mcp-proxy",
            "http://LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS/api/v1/mcp/project/PROJECT_ID/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="npx" label="npx">

    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "PATH_TO_NPX",
          "args": [
            "-y",
            "supergateway",
            "--sse",
            "http://LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS/api/v1/mcp/project/PROJECT_ID/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

> ### MCP browser-based flows won't open browser on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MCP browser-based flows don't open a browser on Windows
```

> If you're using MCP Tools with browser navigation actions such as Playwright on Windows and the agent executes the tools successfully but no browser tabs open, this is a known limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a known issue when using MCP Tools with browser navigation actions, such as Playwright, on Windows: The agent can execute the tool successfully but the browser tab or window doesn't open.
```

This issue occurs because the MCP server runs from a Python process, which prevents it from opening browser windows in WSL or Windows.

> To work around this issue, use the standalone MCP server approach documented in the [Playwright MCP repository](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#standalone-mcp-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this issue, use the standalone MCP server approach documented in the [Playwright MCP repository](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#standalone-mcp-server).
For other browser navigation tools, see the provider's documentation for specific troubleshooting guidance.
```

    rm -rf .langflow
    ```

## Langflow MCP issues {#mcp}

The following issues can occur when using Langflow as an MCP server or client.

### Claude for Desktop doesn't use MCP server tools correctly

If Claude for Desktop doesn't use your server's tools correctly, try explicitly defining the path to your local `uvx` or `npx` executable file in the `claude_desktop_config.json` configuration file:

1. To find your UVX path, run `which uvx`.

>     To find your NPX path, run `which npx`.

Author: ```suggestion
    To find your `npx` path, run `which npx`.
```

    <Tabs>
    <TabItem value="uvx" label="uvx" default>

    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "PATH_TO_UVX",
          "args": [
            "mcp-proxy",
            "http://LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS/api/v1/mcp/project/PROJECT_ID/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="npx" label="npx">

    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "PATH_TO_NPX",
          "args": [
            "-y",
            "supergateway",
            "--sse",
            "http://LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS/api/v1/mcp/project/PROJECT_ID/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

### MCP browser-based flows don't open a browser on Windows

This is a known issue when using MCP Tools with browser navigation actions, such as Playwright, on Windows: The agent can execute the tool successfully but the browser tab or window doesn't open.

This issue occurs because the MCP server runs from a Python process, which prevents it from opening browser windows in WSL or Windows.

> To work around this issue, use the standalone MCP server approach documented in the [Playwright MCP repository](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#standalone-mcp-server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To work around this issue, use the standalone MCP server approach documented in the [Playwright MCP repository](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#standalone-mcp-server).
After the server is up and running, you can add it as a SSE server in Langflow and use it as normal.
```
